Let's see how to move from
segmentation variables to
customer people in The Power MBA.
I will give you an example.
Let's start with the segmentation variables.
How can we segment some of the
variables?
Because of the age, the
geography, the situation.
This is very important here and it
is the first one we used.
Well, we have, there are clients The
Power MBA, The Power Digital Marketing,
I give no difference any program.
There are clients who work for another,
others are undertaking, others
are entrepreneurs, already
live from their business.
We can segment by studies, depending
on whether they have studies
related to business or not.
And we could also segment more,
as lawyers, engineers, etc.
We could get a thousand segments.
A very valuable variable that we
used here and came to us well is
based on the benefit they seek,
the goal.
And these are some.
There are people who want to update.
There are people who have a job that doesn't
make them happy at all and want to
undertake one day.
There are people who really want
the MBA concept as far as 360-point
business vision is concerned.
There are people who already have a business
and have the pain that it doesn't grow
enough or that they are aware
that they don't take advantage of
the opportunities and want
to grow it.
There are people who want
to find a better job.
Another segmentation variable, for example,
is that you are looking for a master
or not looking for a master.
Well, all this, and there are more, and
could detail them a lot more, all
this gives you a lot of information.
Imagine, of course, that you
already know a lot more about
how to address them, how to capture
them, etc., how to convince
them, etc., etc.
Now we go to customer people,
which is evolution.
And how do we do it?
As I said, there are two ways.
We can cross all those
variables, considering them
all to try to identify a number
of customer people.
Or what we can do is think about
customers, real customers, rather
than deductively, analytically,
think about real customers and
then analyze them with
those variables and understand
them better and better.
I recommend you use both.
Then, we at The Power MBA, what
we have done from the knowledge
we have been acquiring, etc.,
the conversations and so
on, because we have identified
several customer people that
these segmentation variables
help us to understand them.
I'll put a few, right?
The Dreamer.
What defines dreamer?
How can we describe dreamer?
To be representative of all
dreamer within The Power MBA or
The Power Digital Marketing
or The Power eCommerce or whatever.
What really defines them?
Well, they are people who are not entirely
happy in their work, in what they do,
in their work, in their company,
whatever it is, and who would love
to mount something.
They don't know how, they are
afraid, and so on.
I could describe this
in detail, right?
I will be a little bit on the
creams, with the main idea.
This is a very important customer
person in this case, who were
our early adopters.
And that if, look, remember that
I told you people usually do it bad.
If we can describe ourselves
here that the customer person
and we say because I was 28 years
old, worked in a company related
to automotive, had studied
marketing and so on.
Of the dreamers that are
in The Power MBA, many
don't agree with that.
Do you understand why I tell you people
often do it badly?
What they agree with is other things.
What they agree with is that they are
not entirely happy with their work,
that they would like to mount something,
that they don't know how to do that
kind of thing.
I like Disney, things.
That is what they agree with.
And then in the other segmentation
variables such as age, profession,
etc., because there are very diverse,
right?
But the important thing is not that in
this case.
The most important thing is the
bread you have.
So if we understand the dreamer
well, that we understand them
well, what they think of us, whether
they are looking for something
or not looking for something, etc.,
as we understand very well, because
we sell them very well.
More customer people?
We call them technicians,
who are mainly engineers.
But there are architects, lawyers, there
are all sorts, right?
What they want is to grow
professionally.
They are not the dreamer.
But what happens is that they
are aware that they need to
expand their business knowledge.
All their lives engineers have done,
when they want to get up,
they have done an MBA.
Well, then that is that.
And he is a customer person who when
you describe it like this, you understand
it like that, and you know Jorge and analyze
Jorge, you understand them very well
and it is very easy to sell them.
But be sure there will be engineers,
if we get to segment, there will be
engineers who are not, who are
not here, who are not technical,
who are not technical for
us, who are dreamer, because
what they dream is like mounting
a company.
So, as you can see, the demographic
variable of whether you are an engineer
or not an engineer, well, because
you have to put it in the equation,
but the most important thing is
not that.
The most important thing is not the
demographic variable of whether you are
an engineer or not an engineer.
The most important thing is that in this
case, whether you are an engineer, lawyer
or whatever, but that in addition to
your pain, you have studied a technical
career, you have a very good
training, but you want to have that
360-point vision of the business, as
you have wanted to have engineers
all your life when they go to
an MBA.
I will explain another.
A new customer person.
In this case, she is a professional
who has been working for a
few years, with a good job,
etc., and who also likes what
she does, is an avid of what
she does, etc.
You may dream of starting, but in
the bottom you know it's a dream,
but what moves you is that you
like to be up to date.
He doesn't like to feel that there
are things around related to
his work directly or not so directly
that he doesn't know, that he doesn't
know the business, that he's
getting out.
You don't like to know that a program
like The Power MBA or The Power Digital
Marketing has been born and that you're
looking elsewhere, because you're
missing out on opportunities.
That is his bread.
In this case, we have made
a demographic segmentation as to
age, because we have said that
it is usually people who have
been working for a few years, but
some do not, right?
But as you can see, what we are
doing is to analyze them from
different perspectives,
demographic, pain, what they
are looking for in us, etc.
And we have been able to
identify a number of customer people
who are really representative
of all our customers and help
us to understand them
very well and to sell them very
well and to communicate with
them because we know what they
feel, what they think, what
they expect.
But when we tried to make the complete
files and such, we described Anna
and described her in things
because they were not the important
ones.
And as it was Ana, Jorge, Kike, Javier,
Laura, whatever, and as they were
not important, then it is difficult
for us to extrapolate it.
I will return to the example of Kiki.
Kike was 28 and he was a
dreamer, but it's that
we're meeting dreamer who are
28, who are 21, who are 46,
who have studied business
or have not studied business.
But what unites them is not that.
What unites them, in this case, is
what I told you, that they are not entirely
happy, that they dream of undertaking
but do not know how to
do it, etc.